# Identify the TF to gene regulation

The function will generate the TF to gene associations that can be
further subfiltered subsequently.

## Usage

``` r
identify_tf_to_genes(x, k_tfs, k_genes, min_importance = NULL, .verbose = TRUE)

# S3 method for class 'ScenicGrn'
identify_tf_to_genes(x, k_tfs, k_genes, min_importance = NULL, .verbose = TRUE)
```

## Arguments

- x:

  `ScenicGrn` object for which to generate the TF to gene associations.

- k_tfs:

  Optional integer. How many TFs per given gene you want to include.

- k_genes:

  Optional integer. How many genes you want to include downstream of
  each TF. Warning. `k_tfs = NULL` and `k_genes = NULL` does not work.

- min_importance:

  Optional float. If you want a minimum importance score for including a
  TF to gene association.

- .verbose:

  Boolean. Controls verbosity of the function.

## Value

Adds a data.table with the first tf to gene results to the class.

## Details

You have three options to extract the information based on the
importance scores generated by the tree-based regression model.

- `k_tfs` - This defines how many of the Top TFs per given gene you wish
  to include in a given analysis. If you assume that there are 5 TFs
  controlling your gene, you would set this to `5L`. For each gene, the
  Top 5 TFs are identified and subsequently the TF -\> c(gene_1, gene_2,
  gene_3) associations are generated.

- k_genes - This defines how many target genes per given TF you wish to
  include. If you assume that a TF has a 100 potential target genes, you
  would set this to `100L`. For each TF, the Top 100 potential
  downstream targets are being included in this case.

- min_importance - If you want to set a threshold for the minimum
  importance score to filter out noisy genes.

You can provide all three parameters at once, in this case you will get
a union of the TF -\> gene, gene \<- TF approach, filtered by
min_importance. This is the first step and you can subsequently filter
by correlation of TF to target gene and motif enrichment for a given TF.
